hello here is welcome on mine
Youtube channel
Today I want to tell you something about
Gerstner Gras I have that
fresh first ks also out by mine
things chor met or so to speak
I accidentally discovered in the organic store
almost all winter now
daily barley grass on powder to me
just taken a bit of water
interrogated and then drunk and how
said I happened to be in one then
bioladen barley juice guests grass
discovered that is also offered to her like
as different herbs have that too
already suffered a bit
He'll transport you a bit now
it just looks like it kinked
that's what I wanted you to do
short and what do I tell you before
show how I use it so first
gras belongs to the family of the
sweet grasses it includes one
incredible amount of nutrients
vitamins minerals enzymes and
antioxidants
So I have read Japanese
Scientist has over 200 greens
examined leafy vegetables and thereby
found that first grass more
Minerals more for family more
enzymes more trace elements more clear
for what contains 199 ppm as the others
leafy vegetables has examined and also
so unbelievable, one of them
incredible nutrient dense so it
includes, for example, pascal team
affects eleven times more than cow's milk and
The value of the iron is 5 times
higher than spinach or broccoli, too
vitamin c managers thus have the
highest vitamin c content is my first
Krass has more vitamin C than
orange also in sync with the zinc content
first circle has about the same
amount like that like the zinc-containing one
food of animal origin so
really really great food
a super food so to speak so it can
but with the basic foods
that there is at all regularly
you can take with these guests
cars or the barley juice powder even
its minerals the premiums
I already mentioned earlier
have custom cars antioxidants ie the
Cells become free radical and
also protected toxin and at all
custom cars strengthen the cells of the whole
protect the cells of the
immune system and there are many studies
the on the health-promoting
effects of the first grass or even that
point first powder powder and there
I've had bacon small itself
I do not care much
now ad hoc just go again
That's why I just read it
what study there is proven what
what was the barley grade
grass for a positive
health promoting effect has to
a stimulating and invigorating one
activated effect on the immune system
first casting metabolism it in poisons
Blood and tissue promotes calcium in
the bones are strongly vases
licher already mentioned lowers the
cholesterol levels stimulates the formation of blood
is also a good prevention against
cancer then as said the
antioxidant effect of the enzymes
activates self-healing powers
improved main picture so it helps too
against psoriasis neurodermatitis
Helps only in hair loss builds stress
and tensions listened to sleep
increases the ability to concentrate
So it has an absolute super food
So far-reaching health
detoxify effectively building the cell
and detoxify and anti-inflammatory
antibacterial relaxing
mood
So one can really incredible
incredible green food and
fan of green foods as well
I have already mentioned in winter
over the streets crass powder
Of course that also helps
can also help you well
acid-base balance of an organism
balance or optimize so
if you can do that over a longer period of time
occupies
Of course I do not know exactly what
the japanese scientist
examined which green leafy vegetables
if as synonymous image reader here
were or wild herbs because too straight
the wild herbs are so incredible
rich in nutrients the incredible there
there is no actually no
cultural plant so I am
I use collect yes have more for
smoothies or for procures that has
Now let down the juices I do
me again mainly green
I can just play music like that
sweet cheese this often why can you find there
yes also different kinds and mixed
always easy with and I'm sure
that this crisis on the meadow one
similar if similar he pens
Nutrient density thus have to be used
of the first casa forget racing you
For example, you can get barley juice
chop the salad when you close
can it also be bold or green
just mix with fruit as you like
But there are no limits to fantasy
set
I'll show you something with it now
Several times I have already done in
gentle her now that told me now
the blades of grass, so to speak, and then shared
something I do with it yet
so i have the potty custom now
Cars and you are liable the amount is
very low but it is a high one
Nutrient density is included
powerful fresh green elixir and
this i sign here now my mine
glass book why drink beer?
Drink coconuts and this combination
Drink that is so awesome so while
my father's pushed me that way
that was so incredibly solidarized
given a kick and I give the war
me now and that 's it
this is coconut first glass of juice
water coconut also, be
mineral rich has many like david
many vital substances and this combination
that's I think that's hard to do
with anything else so that's it
from me
with me there's that would be that one
glass bottle follow me out into the adobe
Give into green green power juice drink
and see you soon